daddy
Stop being obsessed
You come home with me and we'll have a good discussion, okay?
daughter
You'll understand, hurry up
What matters more than a fart
Big farts are not more important than first love
The first love is not more important than the test
My head hurts.
home location
This time
You're on your own.
No, sister, you can't go.
Sister, you know
I refuse to see dead bodies
I can't solve the case either
I don't know anything.
You can't leave me
Apricot light rain
Rockfall
Silly brother was never taught by me
But you've been teaching me
Never you won't
It's just that you forgot
This wine
This flower
This is me in front of your eyes
Haven't you remembered yet?
Sister
Sister, today is your birthday.
I went all over town to buy you apricot wine
Try it.
My brother still understands my sister best
Sister, you are my fault.
I misjudged the case
What you do
Please don't die, sister.
Fool don't cry
Sister will not accompany you in the future
If you meet a good girl in the future
But take good care of her
Don't be disobedient
Do you want me to help you chase?
It's not impossible
If you meet a good girl in the future
Sister will help you chase
All right?
elder sister